README.md, before:

# gross
gross is a auto cross compile framework, which uses docker to build firmwares.

### purpose
Building cross toolchain for embeded development has always been annoying in traditional ways(may even cause days of efforts). And sometimes we found it hard to make the building pross automatic. We need a more flexible and unmanned firmware delivery pattern. 

### general ideas
So we create gross, with mechanism like below:

1. Use docker to hold firmware cross toolchain/sdk. This is a more lightweight aproach than the traditional virtual machine, and can invoke synchronized and isolated build task at a time.
2. Integrated to popular git based CVS platforms like github/gitlab. So the building and distributing process can be trigered automatically by source pushing or tagging.
3. The docker builds' output target bin can be discovered by gross. We use file watcher to detect folder change to get the bin files and notify the distributing process the handle the built firmware. 

### architecture overview
TODO

Commit message:

add workflow and container convention to readme

README.md, after:

# gross
gross is a auto cross compiling framework, which uses docker to build firmwares.

### purpose
Building cross toolchain for embeded development has always been annoying in traditional ways(may even cause days of efforts). And sometimes we found it hard to make the building pross automatic. We need a more flexible and unmanned firmware delivery pattern. 

### general ideas
So we create gross, with mechanism like below:

1. Use docker to hold firmware cross toolchain/sdk. This is a more lightweight aproach than the traditional virtual machine, and can invoke synchronized and isolated build task at a time.
2. Integrated to popular git based CVS platforms like github/gitlab. So the building and distributing process can be trigered automatically by source pushing or tagging.
3. The docker builds' output target bin can be discovered by gross. We use file watcher to detect folder change to get the bin files and notify the distributing process the handle the built firmware. 

### wordflow overview
![](docs/arch.png)

### container convention
1. A build.sh/build.bat script MUST exist in path /root/build.sh, which reads a bunch of params of command line. Gross will spawn the script in container with configured params.
2. Make sure the build image has access right to the CVS repo source(You may need to configure a deploy key in the project).
3. The build container SHOULD expose a shared folder to the gross host. Gross will watch the folder for built target.
4. Typical build script workflow is like below:
	a. clone the repo from cvs
	b. read params from command line
	c. invoke a build command with params specified(eg. "make foo=xx bar=xx")
	d. if build success, copy the target binary to shared folder
	
### usage
TODO
